I keep telling you, the Rebellion is a long way from here. I doubt if the Empire would even fight to keep this system. Believe me Luke, this planet is a big hunk of nothing...
You ought to take it a little easy Luke. You may be the hottest bushpilot this side of Mos Eisley, but those little Skyhoppers are dangerous. Keep it up, and one day, whammo, you're going to be nothing more than a dark spot on the down side of a canyon wall.
Luke, I didn't come back just to say goodbye... I shouldn't tell you this, but you're the only one I can trust... and if I don't come back, I want somebody to know.
I know it's a long shot, but if I don't find them I'll do what I can on my own... It's what we always talked about. Luke, I'm not going to wait for the Empire to draft me into service. The Rebellion is spreading and I want to be on the right side - the side I believe in. 
I feel for you, Luke, you're going to have to learn what seems to be important or what really is important. What good is all your uncle's work if it's taken over by the Empire?... You know they're starting to nationalize commerce in the central systems...it won't be long before your uncle is merely a tenant, slaving for the greater glory of the Empire.
So long, Luke.
Luke, tell Owen that if he gets a translator to be sure it speaks Bocce.
Luke, take these two over to the garage, will you? I want you to have both of them cleaned up before dinner.
Uh, you can call me Luke.
I see, sir Luke.
Just Luke.
Luke? Luke! Come to dinner!
You must understand I need you here, Luke.
Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He has too much of his father in him.
Luke, I'm shutting the power down for the night.
Luke? Luke? Luke? Where could he be loafing now!
Have you seen Luke this morning?
Master Luke here is your rightful owner. We'll have no more of this Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don't talk to me of your mission, either. You're fortunate he doesn't blast you into a million pieces right here.
The Jundland Wastes are not to be traveled lightly. Tell me, young Luke, what brings you out this far?
I don't think I can make it. You go on, Master Luke. There's no sense in you risking yourself on my account. I'm done for.
I need your help, Luke. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.She needs your help.
Learn about the Force, Luke.
Wait, Luke! It's too dangerous.
There's nothing you could have done, Luke, had you been there. You'd have been killed, too, and the droids would now be in the hands of the Empire.
I would much rather have gone with Master Luke than stay here with you. I don't know what all this trouble is about, but I'm sure it must be your fault.
I suggest you try it again, Luke.
Be patient, Luke. Stay and watch over the droids.
Master Luke, sir! Pardon me for asking... but, ah... what should Artoo and I do if we're discovered here?
Boring conversation anyway.Luke! We're going to have company!
What? Oh... the uniform. I'm Luke Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you. 
Luke! Luke! Luke!
Luke!
Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.
Luke! Luke!
Come on! Luke, its too late!
Run, Luke! Run!
Hey, Luke... may the Force be with you!
Luke! I don't believe it! How'd you get here... are you going out with us?!
Are you... Luke Skywalker? Have you been checked out on the Incom T-sixty-five?
Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot in the outer rim territories.
You did, all right. It's going to be like old times Luke. We're a couple of shooting stars that'll never be stopped!
Luke, the Force will be with you.
Luke, pull up!
Luke, let me know when you're going in.
Pull in! Luke... pull in!
Watch your back, Luke!
I'm on him, Luke!
Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Two and Three. Hold up here and wait for my signal... to start your run.
Luke, at that speed will you be able to pull out in time?
Hurry, Luke, they're coming in much faster this time. I can't hold them!
Hurry up, Luke!
Use the Force, Luke.
Let go, Luke.
Luke, trust me.
His computer's off. Luke, you switched off your targeting computer. What's wrong?
Luke! Luke! Luke!
